New and updated docs for HIS Designer for Logic Apps and 3270 Design Tool (#935)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: his/core/application-integration-ladesigner-1.md

---

> title: "Logic Apps Integration | Microsoft Docs"

Reviewer: I'm tweaking the search results title here to prevent people thinking this doc is about Azure Logic Apps itself, land on the page and then "bounce" (leaving within 5 seconds). This behavior is bad for content performance.

```suggestion
title: Extend Host Integration Server with Azure Logic Apps
```

> description: Extending Host Integration Server capabilities with Azure Logic Apps  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about extending Host Integration Server capabilities with Azure Logic Apps.
```

> author: haroldcampos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ms.author: "hcampos"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ms.prod: "host-integration-server"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.prod: host-integration-server
```

> ms.service: #Required; use the name-string related to slug in ms.product/ms.service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ms.topic: concept-article #Required; leave this attribute/value as-is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.topic: conceptual
```

> ms.date: "10/03/2023"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 10/17/2023
```

> #CustomerIntent: As a <type of user>, I want <what?> so that <why?>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#CustomerIntent: As a programmer, I want to learn about integrating HIS with Azure Logic Apps.
```

---

# Get started with the HIS Designer for Logic Apps

> Extending the Design of Integration scenarios to Azure Logic Apps by leveraging the core capabilities of the Host Integration Server TI Designer, with the new stand alone designer that removes the need of installing and configuring Host Integration Server for Azure Logic Apps based scenarios.

Reviewer: Microsoft guidance for ["leverage"](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/l/leverage)

```suggestion
You can extend the design of integration scenarios to Azure Logic Apps by using the core capabilities of the Host Integration Server TI Designer. This tool includes a new standalone designer that removes the need for installing and configuring Host Integration Server for Azure Logic Apps-based scenarios.
```

<!-- 
This is content to add later.
Mainframes and Midranges modernization with Azure Logic Apps(new-page-la-mainfmod.md)  
Explain the capabilities of Azure Logic Apps for Mainframes and Midranges Modernization. Azure Logic Apps provides native connectivity for IBM systems such as CICS, IMS, 3270, DB2, MQ and Host Files.
-->

> ## [The HIS Designer for Logic Apps](application-integration-ladesigner-2.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [HIS Designer for Logic Apps](application-integration-ladesigner-2.md)
```

> The HIS Designer for Logic Apps is a stand-alone tool that works with Microsoft Visual Studio to provide a graphical user interface for creating, viewing, and editing metadata objects that map to Mainframe programs and data.

Reviewer: Put the customer "why care" first:

```suggestion
To create, view, and edit metadata objects that map to mainframe programs and data, you can use the HIS Designer for Logic Apps. This designer is a standalone tool with a graphical user interface that works with Microsoft Visual Studio.
```

## [Designing artifacts for CICS and IMS Integration](application-integration-lahostapps.md) 

> CICS and IMS are two of the most used Mainframe systems in the world. This section details the steps to design the artifacts required by Logic Apps to invoke these systems using Low Code techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CICS and IMS are two of the most used mainframe systems in the world. This linked article shows how to design the artifacts required by Azure Logic Apps to invoke these systems using low code techniques.
```

## [Designing artifacts for Host Files Integration](application-integration-lahostfiles.md)

IBM Host files such as VSAM files preserve data used in a variety of Mission Critical scenarios. This section detals the steps needed to design artifacts needed by Logic Apps to operate on this data offline in high throughput scenarios.

## Related content

> - [The 3270 Design Tool](application-integration-3270designer-1.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [3270 Design Tool](application-integration-3270designer-1.md)
```
